Fast-follow for latest version (#5033)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/dbt_version.md

The `dbt_version` variable returns the installed version of dbt that is
currently running. It can be used for debugging or auditing purposes.

> ## Versioning

Reviewer: I like the idea of keeping the detailed information all on one page. This page in particular feels like a odd one to link to from elsewhere, since it's specifically about a dbt-Jinja context variable.

What do you think about moving this section to https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/commands/version? And in that page, mention how:
- For the dbt Core CLI, `dbt --version` will return the version of the installed version of `dbt-core` (plus adapters), which is all one big local bundle
- For the dbt Cloud CLI, `dbt --version` (CLI command) will return the version of the installed dbt Cloud CLI, and other `dbt_version` values will be the version of the "latest" dbt runtime in Cloud

Author: sure thing, np! 

the ticket specifically listed https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/dbt_version. sorry for the misunderstanding!

To learn more about release versioning for dbt Core, refer to [How dbt Core uses semantic versioning](docs/dbt-versions/core#how-dbt-core-uses-semantic-versioning). 

> If the [Keep on latest version](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version) setting is selected in dbt Cloud, then `dbt_version` will be the latest (continuous) release version. This also follows follows semantic versioning guidelines, starting with `2024.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the [Keep on latest version](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#keep-on-latest-version) setting is selected in dbt Cloud, then `dbt_version` will be the latest (continuous) release version. This also follows semantic versioning guidelines, in the format `YYYY.xx.yy`, with the major version representing the year (for example, `2024.04.1234`).
```

The `dbt_version` variable returns the installed version of dbt that is
currently running. It can be used for debugging or auditing purposes.

> ## Example usage

Reviewer 2: non blocker but would this page benefit with a link to the versioning section? https://docs-getdbt-76jiqw89h-dbt-labs.vercel.app/reference/commands/version#versioning

Author: good flag! will add
